Amen. Glory to God is good.
Hallelujah, thank you. Come on, everybody say, I love you.
after walker.
Just to make sure y'all still love me.
You got to make sure y'all still love me. Come on, same ass. I'm out of here.
Turn your Bibles to 2 Chronicles.
Chapter 20.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You're commanded to love me.
Today we're going to medicine a subject that I started out ministering
to our youth a couple weeks back.
And that's what to do when you don't know what to do.
What to do
When you don't know
What to do.
I've already got it. 2 Chronicles 20, verse 12.
Teenagers think they know what I'm going to talk about. Y'all know what I'm going
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
2 Chronicles 20 verse 12.
Melissa says
O our God, wilt thou not judge them?
For we have no might against this great company that come up against us.
Then it says neither no
We what?
We what to do.
But our eyes are upon me.
No.
we have all faced situations and circumstances in our lives
Where our brain has just went tilt
Come on, say amen to somebody.
I'm talking about situations where you just don't see an immediate answer, right?
And perhaps can't see any way, shape or fashion out of this thing. Come on, say amen somebody.
Now, we're going to read from the Old Testament today.
But I want you to keep in mind
That you don't throw away the old testament
you need the Old Testament
Matter of fact go to first corinthians chapter 10 verse 1.
That's what I'm teaching our Pistons Bible School students.
And all the pistol students say
Amen. That you don't throw away the Old Testament.
There's a lot of valuable information in the Old Testament.
The bible tells us in first corinthians chapter 10 talking about the old testament verse 1.
It says moreover brethren I would not
That you should be what?
ignorant
How did all our fathers wear under a cloud?
And all passed through the sea this all took place where in the old testament
And were baptized unto moses in a cloud and in the sea
What's Paul doing? Paul's referring to events that happened in the Old Testament.
And he did that throughout his ministry.
Look at verse 6.
He said now these things were what
Our what?
examples to the intent we should not lust at the evil things as they also lust. In other words, the Old Testament gives us examples
What not to do
Come on. So we don't have the same faith as the children of Israel when they did something stupid.
Look at verse 11.
It says now all these things happen unto them for what?
And samples are examples
And they are written...
For what?
I have my mission.
Which means caution.
Warning
reprimand
Review and advice. That's what the word admonition means.
It means caution.
Warning
reprimand, rebuke, and advice
Amen. Upon whom the enemy